Add Android Enterprise section to Platform Overview (#3640)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x05a-Platform-Overview.md

Further information is available in the [Android documentation](https://source.android.com/security/verifiedboot).

#### Android Enterprise

[Android Enterprise](https://developer.android.com/work) (formerly Android for Work) is a set of features and services designed for corporate and organizational use, providing enhanced security, privacy, and management capabilities beyond standard Android. It enables organizations to securely deploy and manage Android devices and apps through features like work profiles, which create a separate, encrypted container for work apps and data that's isolated from personal apps.

> Key security features include mandatory encryption, enhanced device administration controls, always-on VPN, and stricter security policies that can be enforced by an enterprise mobility management (EMM) solution. Recent Android versions have introduced additional enterprise-focused capabilities, Android 15 (API level 35) introduced enhanced device security features for managed devices and improved data loss prevention mechanisms, while Android 16 continues to enhance security controls and privacy protections for enterprise deployments.

Reviewer: Lets keep this more generic instead of mentioning a specific version, there is also not much value in listing all of these buzzwords. Instead we can share a link where always the latest features are visible. 

```suggestion
Key security features include mandatory encryption, enhanced device administration controls, always-on VPN, and stricter security policies that can be enforced by an enterprise mobility management (EMM) solution. Newly added enhancements and updates to recent Android versions can be found in the [Android Enterprise documentation](https://developer.android.com/work/versions).
```
